chore: add limitation Bitcoin Vault Swap (#580)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/advanced/vault-swaps/bitcoin.mdx

})) as { hex: string };
```

<Callout type="warning">
The `changeAddress`, which is included in the change UTXO as the third output, is mandatory because the Chainflip protocol needs a refund address in case the swap is refunded.

> That change UTXO amount can't be zero and must be larger than the dust threshold. Therefore it is not possible to swap the entire amount of the input UTXOs, a dust amount needs to be send to the change address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change UTXO amount *cannot* be zero and must be larger than Bitcoin's dust threshold for the change address type. Therefore it is not possible to swap the entire amount of the input UTXOs, a dust amount needs to be sent to the change address.
```

The dust threshold is dependent on the type of address used in the change utxo... worth mentioning. Also worth making it clear that this is a Bitcoin thing, no some Chainflip threshold.
